TODO:
-----------------
Make all the data-entry screens work like the NumberActivity: the 'done'
	key is disabled until you do something (make it dirty).

When long-clicking on an exercise name, it takes you to the EditExercise
	Activity directly instead of the EditExercise part of the Tab Activity.

BUG: ASet does not load the DISTANCE form correctly when it fills the
	forms with the last data.  It truncates the dist, instead of using
	the float value.

When graphing, have the option of graphing by exercise
	set or by day (toggle button or menu?).

Do something other than Toasts for errors when adding a
	new exercise!  See http://android.programmerguru.com/android-custom-toast-example/

Issue: The stress condition does not default to "Just Right"
	anymore!  After a set is entered, it STAYS on that
	setting instead of returning to "just right".

Make the "just right" stress condition have a green check.
	And you might do something to add more color to the 'too
	heavy' and 'injury.'  Alternately, you could reduce the
	color for 'too easy.'

Instead of a History tab (which is now removed), have a
	button in the Inspector that enables a quick view.
	Also a button to reverse the order.

When editing a set, pressing on the label should take
	you to editing that aspect as well as the data.

Issue:  The graph adds up weight on the same day, that's
	good.  But it shouldn't add up everything, should it?
	Like for reps, should it add 'em, show an average,
	or show the max?

Graphs: the x-axis should be by date, not by the quantity of sets.

Graph by muscle group.

Graph by exercise type.

Get rid of the History Tab!  It's all encapsulated in the Inspector.

Edit a Workout Set: it's possible on small displays for the buttons
	at the bottom to disappear.  We need to put the info stuff
	in a ScrollView.

Need to use the new buttons in all the nice dialog/activities
	when modifying sets (EditSetActivity calls them).

Adding a set does not cause the Inspector to update!

Not all the new help dialogs use the new buttons.  The help dialogs
	for the Tabs, display the old dialog, for example.

In ASet, the notes and stress labels are black, not ivory.

The InspectorActivity needs a major overhaul.  The UI is integrally
entwined in the database.  Taking it out will be a project.

The History and Inspector need to display something when there's
	no data.

When an exercise is edited, I don't want to be bumped back out to
	the grid.  If anything, send a message that it's been updated
	and refresh the EditExerciseACtivity.

In the HistoryActivity, it'd be nice if I put something like horizontal
	lines between some of the sets to denote different days.

BUG: When the GraphActivity removes x-axis tick lines because they
	are too close together, the date on the last tick line can be
	wrong.

Problem: it seems that I NEED to have my drawables in the
	"drawable" directory--they are not being found in the
	respective ?dpi directory.
	...This could be a problem for running only 1.5.

Combine the History and Inspector Activities.

In ASet, when pre-loading the previous values, floats have a decimal
	point, even when there's a zero there.

Preferences: put the option to Reset things here.  Clear the workout data, or
	clear the exercises.

ASetActivity - Change so that the user can add another set without
	having to go back to the main grid.  This is possible from
	the Inspector, but not from the regular one.

ASetActivity needs to be modified so that the labels have the appro-
	priate units.

Add the ability to clear EVERYTHING.  This is a tabula rasa,
	so that the person can clear their entire history AND
	all their exercises at once.  Of course, give appropriate
	warnings.

TEST the nags.

Need to make a preferences screen.
	TODO:
	* Save the database to SIMM card. (http://stackoverflow.com/questions/1209469/storing-android-application-data-on-sd-card,
	read the whole article!)
	* Numeric entry style: EditText, Numeric Keypad, Rollers. etc. ??
	* Sound VOLUME
	* Details of the sound (keypad clicks, warnings, nags, successful
	completions, etc.).
	* Should the program nag about cancelling.

	DONE:
	* Move the whole program to SIMM
		- The system or the user has the option now.
	* Should the program nag about unimportant empty portions
	of workout sets.
	* Sound
	* Keep screen on.

When doing aset, make it obvious which is the significant
	row!  Something like a tick, or making it a different color.
	Also, it might be nice to start with that one on top (or at
	least have the cursor begin in that EditText).
	-- partially done...

Don't like the buttons on the GridActivity.  They're not
	intuitive and the layout sucks.

Need to redo the Welcome screen.

Rearrange the buttons so that dismissive buttons (like
	cancel) are on the left--acceptive buttons (like ok
	or done) are on the right.  This conforms to Android's
	UI as defined by google.
	- Include the dialogs in BaseDialogActivity!

Try some custom Themes to make things look original.
	http://developer.android.com/guide/topics/ui/themes.html

Click on a date, and get a summary of that day.  You also
	get the option to edit those sets and even delete them.
	Long-click to delete that day (with confirmation, of
	course).

Make a way to increase/decrease the font.

Make the - sign in the ASet.XML layout look better.

When coming back to the grid from Add or Edit exercise,
	it doesn't look like the loading dialog comes up.

There's something wrong with the waiting dialog: it doesn't seem
	to animate in the emulator.  Why is that?

Check out: http://developer.android.com/resources/articles/faster-screen-orientation-change.html
	This should be applied to the grid screen to make
	orientation changes much faster.

Be nice if users can add a blank to their rows.

BUG - MySpinner as used in EditExerciseActivity: when a custom
	item for the spinner is loaded directly from the database,
	it's possible to add another custom item to the list.
	Everything still works, it's just not as advertised.

How about some very nice sound effects for when the person
	finishes a set and a workout!

Make sure the layouts look good on all the various
	devices, especially tablets.

Make landscape versions of layouts.

Fix the strings: there are lots of redundant strings for add
	and edit screens.

Make the DatabaseHelper.onUpgrade() work properly so that
	it doesn't delete all their work when upgrading.  Instead,
	the routine should gracefully update the new format.

Move the SQLite stuff into AsyncTasks.  Shouldn't be too
	hard.  It's explained a bit at:
	http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c4znvD-7VDA (around
	minute 15:45 - 17:30).  Also see Busy Coder's, chpt 20.

Allow for the option to have the database on the simm card.

Make sure that all the drawables are in the correct directories.

---------------------------------------------------
Hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
---------------------------------------------------
Not sure if the graph properly graphs the decimal point of data,
	especially for weights.
	- can't repeat

In the Inspector, differentiate between "skipped" and "n/a", like
	in the Grid.  Same for EditSet.
	-hmmmm

In the graphs, instead of horizontal lines, divide up into
	blocks of different colored backgrounds.

---------------------------------------------------
TABLED (for later versions)
---------------------------------------------------
The Graph:
	* Need to seperate the drawing of a graph from any knowledge of
	the exercise.  This isolation will allow to have multiple graphs
	at the same time (at the color choice and view of the caller).

	* Need to be able to handle missing data.

Graph ALL the aspects!

---------------------------------------------------
DONE DONE DONE DONE DONE DONE DONE DONE DONE DONE
---------------------------------------------------
When editing an exercise, the font for the exercise name is too small.
	- fixed

BUG: "Other" no longer works when adding a new exercise!
	- fixed (I think)

Bug: When typing in a new value (number), the default number
	is 0.  But if you just click 'done', it uses the
	LAST value instead of 0 (which can be 'skipped', which
	is NOT what people want).
	!!! Also, if you just type a period and press enter, we
	get a CRASH!!!
	- fixed! Now the default is blank.  And 'done' is disabled
	until you enter something.

Bug: Edit a set doesn't always reveal the OK/Cancel buttons
	at the bottom (when there's a lot to change).
	- fixed

Bug: If you enter a Tiddly and only put up the reps, the
	warning page scrolls such that the buttons are not
	visible!
	- fixed.  Difficult to do.  See the notes in dialog_yes_no.xml.

Need to have the Inspector show our nifty new icons for
	the stress condition of a set.  Same for EditSet
	and the popup edit screen!
	- done

Bug: Inspector doesn't update when a set is added AFTER it has
	already started displaying.
	- Fixed when I removed the unused InspectorActivity.  Turns
	out the update signal was sent to the wrong InspectorActivity.

Figure out which InspectorActivity I'm using and remove the
	other from the src/ directory!
	- done.  We're now using InspectorActivity2.

Make the condition part of the Inspector better--REAL icons instead
	of the plus/minus things.  And while we're at it, use these
	icons for the radio buttons in ADD A SET, too!
	- Nice looking icons

When long clicking a exercise, bring up a dialog that queries
	whether to see a graph of that exercise progress, or
	to edit that exercise.
	- Nope. Not gonna do it.

Dates need to be put in the inspector_set.xml and then populated properly.
	- Dates are now displayed, but in inspector.xml, before a group of
	sets on the same date.  Works better this way.

The "more" button in the History works, but it doesn't stop.  Perhaps
	a major UI change is in order....

	AND...

	The HistoryActivity only shows the first 10 sets.  Need to modify
	the UI so that we can see others!!
	- KILLED: not going to use the History anymore.

Make sure that HistoryActivity, GraphActivity (done), and InspectorActivity (done)
	use ASyncTask to load their data!
	- done.  Well, I'm going to remove the History, so I don't have to that one.

The GraphSelectorActivity's buttons are abysmal!  What is "butt"?
	-fixed

In HistoryActivity, need to indicate when there is no data
	to display.
	- done

When you modify something in the Inspector, it should
	scroll to that modified set.  Right now it scrolls
	to wherever it originally scrolled to.
	- done

Scrolling in the Inspector goes to the LAST set of the day instead
	of the FIRST set.  Fix this.
	- done

Make sure that long-clicking reveals HELP, and doesn't go to edit exericse
	or inspector.
	- No.  This is pretty useful, so I won't change it.

ASet: does not display the units (except when a space is blank)!
	- fixed

BUG:  It seems that if I go quickly from entering a set to one of the
	other tabs, I get an infinite loading dialog.
	- Fixed it (at least for the GraphActivity).  I was calling
	the loading dialog twice: once in onCreate(), and again in
	onResume().

Use a TabHost to control ASet, Inspector, Graphs, and History activities.
	http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m1AeMJux0Zo
	- done

After editing a set, the other tabs need to be marked as dirty
	instead of exiting to the grid.
	- Nope, gonna keep it exiting to the grid for now--so much
	easier.

BUG: In "Edit a Set" screen, the name of the exercise is not displayed!
	- done

When the person selects a cell from the Grid (a day of sets), have the
	TabHost bring up the Inspector, and then the Inspector should scroll
	to that specific date.
	- done

How about changing the button paradigm?  Long-pressing on the logo
	brings up help?  That'll save on a whole lot of screen real estate.
	- Just clicking the logo brings up help.  And the help (with a '?')
	on the Welcome screen tells us about it).

In the Inspector, when a set is deleted, you go back to the
	Inspector.  The message needs to be reset to reflect the
	new number of sets, and the set numbers also need to be
	reset.
	- not relevant anymore

Also in the Inspector, if you click "do another" and then click
	"done" without making any changes, it thinks you haven't
	entered anything (the dirty bit isn't set).  I know this
	conflicts with a bug you just fixed...what's the solution?
	- not relevant anymore

The Tab XML page should state the name of the exercise.
	- done

Changing or Removing exercise sets through the Inspector doesn't get
	reflected in the other tabs (or even its own!).
	- done

When there's just one set, the GraphActivity thinks that there's
	no data.
	- fixed

BUG: When graphing exercises with all the same data, it just draws a
	blank!
	- Now has a message telling the users what the value is.

BUG: When adding a set now, it no longer registers with the other tabs
	or when you return to the Grid.  You have to go back to the Welcome
	screen to force the Grid to reload.
	- Done

What about the graphs?
	- doing something now!

Make the arrows on Edit Row screen bigger!
	- done

BUG:  Try clicking on the last exercise in the GraphSelectorActivity.
	Something's going wrong with the IDs and the column numbers.  It's
	worse when the Activity is in landcape mode.
	- Fixed.  Was some weirdness with getChildAt() that I had to deal with.

Long-clicking the Stress levels in (ASet) doesn't bring up help.
	- done

Add a quick and easy way to re-enter a set with everything
	identical to the last time.
	- done

In HistoryActivity, need to show condition and maybe the notes, too.
	- done (just the condition)

CRASH - When changing the row, we get a crash when reloading
	the grid.
	- fixed.  I wasn't created a write-able SQLiteDatabase after
	all my changes.

BUG - Entered a workout set.  Changed it's date to May 20, 1980.
	And it's still on the far right!
	- MAYBE...I'm using a text of numbers instead of a LONG.
	- fixed.  I was right--was using text.  Hard fix, though.

What happens when the user clicks on an exercise that
	they've done?  New Activity: show the results of that workout,
	a button to do another set of that workout, and an edit.
	- long done!

BUG - Changing the date of a workout set seems to be broken.
	- fixed

BUG - When the date has changed in a set (via EditSetActivity),
	we should go all the way back to the GridActivity (pass
	through), because now that set no longer belongs with
	the others in the InspectorActivity.
	- done

Along with the preferences, whenever the program nags the user
	for some information, we need a section where they can
	check, "Don't ask again."  The program will remind them
	immediately after that they can switch the setting back
	in the preferences.
	- This is taken care of with the preferences system.

In the Grid, make the current date bold or highlight that column
	(which would be even better).
	- done

! The Grid needs to refresh after sets have been modified
	via InspectorActivity.
	- done

POTENTIAL BUG:	When renaming an exercise, we need to go in
	and change all the workout data that used the old name
	to the new name.
	- done.

BUG - deleting an exercise does not delete the workout sets of
	that exercise.
	- done

I need to make the default quantity of the workout sets
	the same as when an element is skipped.  Right now,
	it looks like the default is 0 (not -1).
	- done

BUG - SuperWinking doesn't display in the Inspector!  Looks
	okay in the EditSet though.
	- fixed. I neglected to find an XML id through a View
	that was inflated, so it wasn't visible and we got a null
	pointer error (which didn't do anything immediately because
	of a try/catch loop that surrounded it).

When editing an exercise (not a set), I MUST go through
	all the sets of that exercise and modify them, if
	necessary.
	When DELETING an exercise, I MUST delete all those
	sets, too.
	After warning in a BIG way, of course.
	- skipped.  Turns out this isn't necessary.  The way
	I do the workout sets does this already.

EditSet needs to be able to delete!!

BUG - Date and Time don't change in EditSet.  Probably the
	dirty bit isn't being set.
	- fixed.  Yes, it was the dirty bit.

BUG - problem when trying to do a chinup!
	- fixed: the problem was with a modification to
	DatabaseHelper--I deleted some exercises when initializing
	and the LORDER was messed up.

BUG - Decimal places beyond .1 aren't being displayed.
	Changing the display to have more digits should work.
	- Done: now displays 2 digits beyond decimal place,
	but only in the Inspector and the Grid.  In the places
	where we edit the number, the full float is displayed.

BUG - The Activity/Dialogs from EditSet: the buttons at the
	bottom overlap.  FIX.
	- fixed

BUG - Looks like entering a float for distance causes problems (when
	doing ASet).
	- fixed

! Change EditSet so that it reads/saves IntFloats!
	- didn't have to--already done!

While doing ASet, the screen space is crowded with all
	the unused areas.  Make them GONE if they're not being
	used.
	- done

BUG - in ASet xml, the stress for OK is the wrong string.

Start with the Grid scrolled all the way to the right.  Perhaps
	move the exercises to the right side?  Hmmm.
	- done

So, when exiting the EditSetActivity, changing the weight
	doesn't reflect in the SetInspector.  Why is that?
	- fixed, I wasn't changing the class variables (using
	locals instead--a legacy of the old way of doing things).

The Grid screen needs to display years in the Date portion
	if the year is different from the current year.
	- done

BUG: Looks like the DB bug is happening again.  This
	time it rears its ugly head after clicking on a workout set
	(Either InspectorActivity or how the GridActivity invokes it--
	I'm betting on InspectorActivity as the problem).
	What happens is that the debugger stops and complains. That's
	all.  Probably a Cursor or DB isn't being closed.
	- I think it's fixed.  Surrounded all the Cursor/DB calls
	with try/catch/finally brackets.  Seems to work.

BUG: The done button doesn't work well on my real phone. It
	seems to be confused and doesn't fire, especially when
	the on-screen keyboard is active.

	MORE: If I can move the focus away from the an
	EditText, I can save.  Some times it works anyway--still
	experimenting...
	- FIXED.  Since soft-keyboard events do not fire onKey(),
	the changes were never noted as dirty.  I added a TextWatcher
	and made sure that changes made set the dirty bit.

Make a global DatabaseHelper and put it in WGlobals.  Make all
	the database stuff happen there completely so that none
	of the other classes will ever have to make a SQLiteDatabase.
	Of course, they'll need to use Cursors though!
	- PARTIALLY DONE.  Seems to work fine, though.

I may be having some random crashes because the DatabaseHelper
	is getting instantiated multiple times (possibly calling its
	init methods?).  This could be solved by making the whole
	class static and accessing it all globally.
	- Done and fixed.  See above.

Populate the main grid.
	- done, but still could use some testing.

Move all the stuff from workout2 to here.
	* Start by with the mainworkout Activity
	* Add the starting Activity
	* Then the AddExercise Activity
	- killed, gotten past that

Put the HPG logo on all the layouts. And find some other
	pretty images to put up as well.
	- done

Potential Bug:  When editing the rows, the GRidActivity may not
	reflect it correctly (won't reload?).
	- Yeah, it works fine.

When adding an exercise (and editing), make sure they select units!!!
	- done

Test that deleting rows and adding rows doesn't affect the
	row order.  And vice versa.
	- Yes it did, and now it's fixed (finally).

In Add Exercise, check to see if the name is already used.
	This would happen in the OK button click.
	- Done

Memory Leak - When going the the EditExercise screen back to the
	Grid, an orientation change during the loading dialog causes
	a memory leak.
	- I think it's fixed.  At least I don't see it any more
	(don't remember fixing, but I may have--not sure).

In the name edittext for edit-exercise, make the cursor start
	at the end.  Or better yet, specify that nothing should start
	highlighted (maybe the cancel button?).
	- Killed. Not doing this one.

Make it possible for the user to drag and rearrange
	the rows.
	- Tabled until I have more time.

Wierd things happen when moving the highlight around via
	arrow keys in the various Activities.  Fix it!
	- I think the main problem was with the emulator and
	how it read the mac's arrow keys.

Find a way to move the exercise rows up or down.
	- done

Make the EditExercise layout look great.
	- Pretty good.

Need to redo the Grid layout.  This includes adding a way to
	move rows up and down as well as editing and doing an exercise.

Lots of the text in the Edit Activity XML file are simple text,
	not strings as they should be.
	- done

Make the help button in the main_workout activity do something.
	- done

BUG - The help dialogs can disappear during a screen rotation.
	The console says, "...has leaked a window"
	- fixed, what a pain! Had to go through and make solid
	data connections to the dialog in ALL the Activities.  Sigh.

Make a dirty bit in editexerciseactivity.java.
	- done

Put the "loading..." message into an xml string.
	- done

BUG - When the edit exercise view is rotated, customized user
	items are lost.  Need to intercept and save during a
	rotation.
	- fixed.  Kind of complicated, but did it by passing data
	through ...InstanceState().

In Edit Exercise, need a 'delete' button.
	- done

BUG: "Leak found" when exiting the grid Activity and
	going to Welcome screen, then BACK to the grid Activity.
	Probably are not closing the DB properly.
	-- fixed.

I have strings for "grid" and strings for "main".  They
	need resolving. -- done

Make sure that the TextViews for the grid also act on long
	clicks, too.  -- done.

BUG: When pressing on one of the exercises, it always says
	that I selected row 5.  -- fixed, easy!

BUG: there's some weirdness happening with the grid during
	rotations.  Caused a crash.
	-- Fixed.  Very complicated.

Buttons need a margin for main_workout Activity.

For the main grid, make the left-column buttons work.

While doing the above AsyncTask, provide a ProgressDialog
	to give the user some acknowledgement that they in
	fact did something.

Get the icon to be correct.

